OCPBUGS-18111 - Move misplaced SNO reboot topic (#63936)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/sno-clusters-reboot-without-drain.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * nodes/nodes/nodes-nodes-working.adoc

:_content-type: CONCEPT
[id="sno-clusters-reboot-without-drain_{context}"]

> = Handling errors in {sno} clusters when the node reboots without draining application pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Handling errors in {sno} clusters when the node is restarted without draining the application pods
```

Author: "reboot" is the nomeclature and is used throughout this section. I am going to keep it in place.

> In {sno} clusters and in {product-title} clusters generally, a situation can arise where a node reboot occurs without first draining the node. This can occur where an application pod requesting devices fails with the `UnexpectedAdmissionError` error. `Deployment`, `ReplicaSet`, or `DaemonSet` errors are reported because the application pods that require devices start before the pod serving those devices and you cannot control the order of pod restarts.
> 
> While this behavior is expected, it can lead to a pod remaining on the cluster even when it has failed to deploy successfully. The pod continues to report `UnexpectedAdmissionError`. This issue is mitigated by the fact that application pods are typically included in a `Deployment`, `ReplicaSet`, or `DaemonSet`. Having a pod in this error state is of little concern because another instance should be running. Being part of a `Deployment`, `ReplicaSet`, or `DaemonSet` guarantees the successful creation and execution of subsequent pods and ensures the successful deployment of the application.
> 
> There is ongoing work upstream to ensure that such pods are gracefully terminated. Until that work is resolved, run the following command for a {sno} cluster to remove the failed pods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {sno} clusters and in {product-title} clusters in general, a situation might arise where a node restart occurs without the node having been previously drained. This can occur when an application pod requesting devices fails with the `UnexpectedAdmissionError` error. `Deployment`, `ReplicaSet`, or `DaemonSet` errors are reported because the application pods that require devices start before the pod that serves those devices, and you cannot control the order of pod restarts.

While this behavior is to be expected, it can cause a pod to remain in the cluster even if it cannot be successfully provisioned. The pod continues to report `UnexpectedAdmissionError`. This issue is mitigated by the fact that application pods are typically contained in a `Deployment`, `ReplicaSet`, or `DaemonSet`. If a pod is in this error state, it is of little concern because another instance should be running. Belonging to a `Deployment`, `ReplicaSet`, or `DaemonSet` guarantees the successful creation and execution of subsequent pods and ensures the successful deployment of the application.

Work is currently underway to ensure that such pods terminate properly. Until this work is complete, run the following command for a {sno} cluster to remove the failed pods:
```

Reviewer 2: Overall observation: This piece of content is quite verbose. I think minimalism can be applied to optimize it further

Author: I'm moving an incorrectly placed topic and did some clean-up of the content. I am not going to do further work because I would have to go for another cycle of SME/QE review.

Author: I did apply some of your suggestions though thanks.

> [source,terminal]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,terminal,subs="+quotes"]
```

Author: Why is subs="+quotes" required?

Reviewer 2: @agantony  I am not sure if this comes from a guideline. May be I am missing something here. If it does, you can quote it.

Author: Oh nevermind I see. thanks

----

> $ oc delete pods --field-selector status.phase=Failed -n <POD_NAMESPACE>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc delete pods --field-selector status.phase=Failed -n _<POD_NAMESPACE>_
```
